so guys we're going to build a table
over here with the AMD hawk with
120-millimeter Dynomax fan they do a
test by the trim flight a quick flight
uh happen to lose one of my gear seems
that one of the springs or loose on the
left side we track but I've already
fixed it up
everything's been repaired but here is
the video of a fight video to show you
guys the bottom here I have actually
repaired the jet there you can see both
wheels are back in tack right there at
the real epoxy the wood block that holes
inside the gear but uh look for the next
flight but enjoy the flight that you did
see us price pretty good pretty fast
let's get into the video
the maiden trim fight of the AMD hawk
with 120-millimeter Danny Mac's fan
sounds good
where'd it go
so the outcome was as you can see there
should be our spring here my gear gave
out so that's what calls to gear a rip
out on the other side should have her
spring on it like this one the spring
came out on the other side so that's it
something that can be repaired look for
the next flight of the AMD hawk with the
120 millimeter Danny Mac's fan
you